# Supplementary specification  ## Functionalities* Specifies the features that are not related to the cases of use, namely: Audit, Reporting and Security. ***Safety:**  - ** The interactions of the aforementioned users (i.e. Admin, Freelancer, Manager, Employee) must be preceded by an authentication process. ** - ** The use of the platform by other people is restricted to the registration of organizations. **## Usability* Evaluates the user interface. It has several subcategories, among them: error prevention; aesthetics and design; Help and documentation; consistency and standards. ***Aesthetics:**- ** In visual terms, the application's graphical interface must be based on a colour palette structured in two colours (primary and secondary). ****Help:**- ** During the use of the systems, the different users must have easy access to support information for the task they are currently carrying out. **## Reliability* Refers to the integrity, compliance and interoperability of the software. The requirements to be considered are frequency and severity of the failure, the possibility of recovery, the possibility of prediction, accuracy, the average time between failures. * -## Performance* Evaluates the performance requirements of the software, namely: response time, memory consumption, CPU usage, load capacity and application availability. *- ** It is also emphasized the need for the system to be prepared to adequately support high usage peaks of the system, in particular, by freelancers. **## Supportability* The supportability requirements group several characteristics, such as:testability, adaptability, maintainability, compatibility, installability, scalability and more. *** Configurability: **- ** The platform's commercial name and other data that may be relevant must be specified by configuration at the time of its implementation. ** - ** External algorithm (password generator) configured only when the system was implemented. ** - ** The colour palette [...] must be configurable when it is installed. ** - ** The process of installing and configuring the system must be very simple, intuitive, fast and above all suitable for people with little technical knowledge. **** Testability: **- ** [...] specify a relevant set of coverage and mutation tests (e.g. unitary, functional and integration) [...] **### Design restrictions* Specifies or restrict the system design process. Examples may include: programming languages, software process, use of development tools, class library, etc. *- ** Adopt good practices for identifying requirements and analyzing and designing OO software **- ** Reuse the existing user management component at T4J **- ** Passwords must be generated [...] using an external algorithm (i.e. designed by third parties) and configured only when deploying  of the system.**  - ** It is intended that the addition of new types of regulations is facilitated and, if possible, can even be carried out by third parties. ** ### Implementation restrictions* Specifies or restricts the code or construction of a system suchsuch as: mandatory standards, implementation languages,database integrity, resource limits, operating system. *- ** Implement the main software core in Java ** - ** Adopt recognized coding standards **### Interface restrictions* Specifies or restricts the functionalities inherent to the interaction of thesystem with other external systems. *- ** Passwords must be [...] generated using an external algorithm (i.e. designed by a third party). **### Physical restrictions* Specifies a limitation or physical requirement of the hardware used, forexample: material, shape, size or weight. *- 