# Glossary**The terms must be organized alphabetically.**| **_Term_**                   	| **_Description_**                                           |                                       |:------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------|| **_Administrator_** | Person responsible for carrying out various business support activities on the platform.|| **_Algorithm_** | A process or set of rules to be followed in calculations or other problem-solving operations, especially by a computer. || **_ADM_** | Acronym for Administrator. || **_Application_** | Any program, or group of programs, that is designed for the end user. || **_API_** | A set of functions and procedures allowing the creation of applications that access the features or data of an operating system, application, or other service. || **_App_** | Diminutive of Application. || **_Authentication Process_** | How the identity of the person who intends/is using the computer platform is verified. || **_Bank Account IBAN_** | Standard international numbering system developed to identify an overseas bank account. || **_Bank Transfer_** | the act of sending money from one bank account to another, usually electronically. || **_Collaborator_** | The person performing functions (e.g. specifying tasks) within an organization. || **_Delay_** | Make (someone or something) late or slow. || **_File_** | Place (a document) in a cabinet, box, or folder in a particular order. || **_Freelancer_** | The person who is self-employed and is not necessarily committed to a specific long-term employer (organization).|| **_Graphical Interface_** | Is a form of user interface that allows users to interact with electronic devices through graphical icons and audio indicator such as primary notation. || **_Histogram_** | A diagram consisting of rectangles whose area is proportional to the frequency of a variable and whose width is equal to the class interval. || **_ID_** | Exclusive identification number. | | **_Manager_** | Corresponds to the role played by an Employee of that Organization in the Organization itself. || **_Mean_** | A value that lies within a range of values and is computed according to a prescribed law. || **_NIF_** | Acronym for Tax Identification Number. || **_Organization_** | The collective person who intends to hire _freelancers_ to perform tasks necessary for the activity of the same.|| **_Payment Transaction_** | An act, initiated by the payer or on his behalf or by the payee, of placing, transferring or withdrawing funds, irrespective of any underlying obligations between the payer and the payee. || **_Payment Value_** | A sum of money paid. || **_Receipt_** | Something such as a piece of paper or message proving that money, goods, or information have been received. || **_Registed User_** | A user who interacts with the computer platform after having performed the expected authentication process and, therefore, the application knows his identity. Typically, he assumes the role/function of Administrative or Organization Manager or Organization Collaborator.|| **_Serialization**_ | To change data into a form that can be stored or sent and put back into its original form later. || **_Software implementation_** | The process that aims to put specific software into production. In the simplest cases, it can simply correspond to the installation activity of that software. However, this process may also involve other activities such as activation, configuration, etc.  || **_Standard Deviation_** | A quantity expressing by how much the members of a group differ from the mean value for the group. || **_System_** | A set of things working together as parts of a mechanism or an interconnecting network; a complex whole. || **_Task category_** | Corresponds to a description used to catalog one or more (similar) tasks. || **_Test Driven Development_** | Software development technique that relates to the concept of verification and validation and is based on a short cycle of repetitions. || **_TDD_** | Acronym for Test Driven Development. || **_Third Party Companies_** | companies who may be indirectly involved but is not a principal party to an arrangement, contract, deal, lawsuit, or transaction. || **_User_** | A person who interacts with the computer application.|